fix: Setting status code and cookies (#2852)
bentoml/BentoML: docs/source/concepts/service.rst

Service APIs
------------

> Inference APIs define how the service functionality can be called remotely. A service can 
> have one or more APIs. An API consists of its input/output specs and a callback function:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Inference APIs define how the service can be invoked remotely. A service can 
have one or more APIs. An API consists of its input/output specs and a callback function:
```

        return runner.run(input_array)

.. note::
    BentoML aims to parallelize API logic by starting multiple instances of the API
    server based on available system resources.

Inference Context
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The context of an inference call can be accessed through the additional ``bentoml.Context``
argument added to the service API function. Both the request and response contexts can be 
accessed through the inference context for getting and setting the headers, cookies, and
status codes.

> .. code:: python

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. code-block:: python
   :caption: `service.py`
```
